Black screen.
The SQUARESOFT logo appears on a black background.
The logo fades out to black.
Opening credits appear in white text on black.
In stark black-and-white: Squall, a young man with a leather jacket and belts, stands near a chain-link fence.
Low angle: Edea, in a long coat and high boots, strides forward holding a staff.
More opening credits on black.
A huge full moon hangs over an arched stone structure; the scene feels gothic and still.
Close-up: a man in a wide-brim hat grips a weapon, his face mostly shadowed.
An ornate armored vehicle or carriage glides past, decorated with a sweeping, curving emblem.
More opening credits on black.
A man drives an open vehicle; the camera focuses on his arms and the steering wheel as scenery passes.
A gunblade lies in an open case alongside several rounds of ammunition.
A young woman in a sleeveless outfit stands in bright lights; a long staff or railing cuts across the foreground.
More opening credits on black.
A martial artist in a jacket snaps into motion—legs and arms blur in a fast kick or flip.
A stylized emblem fills the frame, like a carved symbol or crest viewed from above.
More opening credits on black.
Two armored figures stand shoulder-to-shoulder on a patterned circular floor, seen from above.
Rinoa is shown from behind in a field of flowers as white feathers drift around her.
The FINAL FANTASY VIII title logo appears on a bright white background.